1:Why do only warriors, deathknights, and paladins get invited to dinner parties? 'Cause no one else can use plate.
2::musical_score: I'm a paladin, small and stout, :microphone: here's my mace and here's my mount. :microphone: When I see trouble I scream and shout, :microphone: pop my bubble and hearthstone out. :notes:
3:A stealthed rogue walks into a bar. A nearby mage sneezes. The rogue appears and says \"OMG! Nerf level 1 AoE!\"
4:Are your pants purple? Because that booty is epic!
5:How many hunters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? ...What lightbulb? ...Hey, who ninja'd the lightbulb?
6:How do you kill a warlock? Dispatch a Raid group and wait until he's AFK!
7:How is a mage duel like a jellyfish? 'Cause it's a *mana-war*. (Like \"Man o' War,\" get it?)
8:How many gnomes does it take to shingle a roof? It depends on how thin you slice them.
9:A paladin leaps off Outland into space...and falls...and falls...and dies. Then writes in party chat, \"Damn. Forgot I wasn't on my druid.\"
10:How many DPS does it take to kill a disc priest? Don't know yet, but we'll get 'em one of these days!
11:Why don't you see more goblin players? Because they're easily *overlooked*.
12:How many demon hunters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One to actually screw in the lightbulb, and 999 on the forums claiming they could've done it better.
13:Why dont warriors get their weapons enchanted with INT? They dont want their weapons to be smarter then they are.
14:How does a Tauren hide in an cherry tree? He paints his hooves red. How do most Gnomes die? ...Picking cherries! :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
15:How does Blingtron 6000 say goodbye? In bye-nary!
16:Wanna hear a joke? Pandaren!
17:What would you call a tauren paladin? Holy cow!
18:How many Rogues does it take to kill a paladin? Two. One to ambush him, one to wait at his hearthstone location.
19:Oh, I'm just a *social* drinker. Every time someone says, \"I'll have a drink\", I say, \"So shall I!\"
20:I don't have a drinkin' problem! I drink, I get drunk, I fall down. No problem!
21:So there's a new restraunt over in Mulgore called the Thunder Bluff Steakhouse; probably be closing soon. All the employees seem to quit when they discover they'll be tipped...
22:What class is your best friend? A PALadin!
23:Should be some heavy rain in Thunder Bluff soon. They're calling for *taurential* rain.
24:A forsaken walks into a bar, orders an ale, and a mop.
25::musical_score: I'm a little ninja, short and stout. :microphone: I take the epics and hearthstone out. :microphone: The people on Discord scream and shout, :microphone: 'cause I'm the rogue in full devout! :notes:
26:What's a rogue's favourite drink? Subtle tea.
27:How does Naxxramas fly? With its four wings.
28:How do you know someone's been playing since Vanilla? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
29:So an Orc walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder, and the barkeep says \"Crikey! Where'd you find that?!\" To which the parrot replies, \"Durotar, they're all over the place.\"
30:Why didn't the warrior cross the road? No path available.
31:Someone picked Mekkatorque's pocket yesterday. How could someone stoop so *low*?
32:There's only a one minute difference between Dreadlord and Deadlord.
33:What do you call 5 mogu rolling down the hill? The Rolling Stones!
34:What do rogues and noobs have in common? They both pick locks!
35:What do you call three druids in a moonwell? A HoT tub!
36:Why did the mage have sore eyes? Because he failed to blink!
37:Knock Knock. Who's there? Interupting Tauren. Interupting Tauren W... WAR STOMP!
38:Why do druids hate math? Because they just don't get square roots
39:Arthas and Uther walk into a building, Arthas asks \"What is that switch for?\" and Uther replies, \"FOR THE LIGHT!\"
40:You know you have been playing WoW for too long when the Microwave dings and you yell, \"GRATS!\"
41:Why are Tauren rogues the best stealthers? Because no one's ever seen them!
42:42 is no joke! It is the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
43:What happens when the unstoppable force hits the immovable object? Chuck Norris dies. :sob:
44:Why do hunters get smashed in bars? They're always multi-shotting.
45:Why did Arthas become a death knight? They didn't let him raid as retribution.
46:How many goblins does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Depends how much you'll pay.
47:Why didn't the forsaken cross the road? 'Cause he didn't have the guts!
48:Why do heroic raiders smell bad? Because they never wipe.
49:They said it was raining cats and dogs outside, but I don't see any worgen druids!
50:My warrior is so arms that it doesn't have legs.
51:Yogg Saron asks your age: how uld-u-ar?
52:What did the monk say when his tiger died? Too Xuen.
53:Why do I love my class trainer? 'Cause he respecs me.
54:What did Jaina do when Arthas died? She Frost-mourned him.
55:How many ales does it take to get a dwarf drunk? No, seriously; I can't find a sober one to start counting.
56:Why are warriors terrible vendors? Because they charge too much!
57:How does a druid cut it's hair? Eclipse it.
58:Illidan walks into a bar and asks for the strongest drink there. He was not prepared.
59:Why do rogues wear leather? Because it's made of hide.
60:Did you hear the story about the hunter that saved the raid group? Me neither.
61:What do you call a tree-form druid that only melees? A *combatlog!*
62:What is the Pandaren's prefered brand of attire? Gu-Chi!
63:You want a clean WoW joke? My action bars in Legion!
64:What do you call a Forsaken in a hot bath? Soup.
65:Did you hear about the psychic gnome who escaped from the Stockades? They say she's a small medium at large!
66:Why does Gul'dan walk with a stick? He Fel.
67:Have you seen the demon hunters' new boots? Neither have they!
68:If you have ten gold and Saurfang has ten gold, Saurfang has more money than you.
69:How many warlocks can a murlock stunlock if a murlock could stunlock warlocks?
70:A duck walks up to the Royal Apothecary Society booth and says, \"Give me some chapstick, and put it on my bill.\"
71:What do you call a Tauren with no legs? Ground beef.
72:What do undead Tauren say? Booooooo!
73:A druid in bear form walks into a bar and asks for a, \"Gin............... and tonic.\" The bartender asks, \"What's with the pause?\" The druid replies \"Umm, *hello?* I'm a bear.\"
74:Two night elves walk into a bar; the blood elf holding it laughs.
75:How many blood elves does it take to kill a cockroach? Ha! As if they would even get near it.
76:When in doubt... Oh crap, I spawned a sha.
77:Azeroth - the only place where \"rage issues\" means you're not angry enough.
78:What did the Bloodsail Pirates do when Cataclysm released? They learned ARRRRRchaeology!
79:High Botanist Tel'arn is never lonely... Because he's always with his buds!
80:What do you call a blighted Tauren? A mootation.
81:An elemental shaman enters the arena...what happens next will shock you!
82:Why did the druid quit his job as tank? He was tired of shift work and couldn't bear the pressure!
83:When should you visit the Eye of Azshara? Azsunas possible.
84:What did Odyn say to Helya at their 10000 year reunion? It's been Aegis.
85:Why did the warrior have no opinion? She hadn't taken a stance yet.
86:What do you get when you cross a Worgen with a Gnome? A microworganism!
87:Why are the Shal'dorei so chivalrous? They're knight-borne.
88:Why are mages so polite? Because they have a lot of manas.
89:What's the best way to count tauren? With a cowculator. (Bet you hadn't *herd* that one!)
90:The best warlocks know how to imp-rovise!
91:What did the blue dragon say to agree? \"It's azure thing.\"
92:What did the troll wear to his date? Zul'Armani.
93:What do mages like to drink? Port wine and anything with arCANE sugar in it!
94:What is a druid's favorite drink? Root beer.
95:What is a shaman's favorite drink? Element-ale.
96:What do you call a tauren paladin? A quarter pounder with cheese.
97:What do you call a tauren demon hunter? An illidairy.
98:Who makes the finest butter in the Twisting Nether? The Churning Legion, of course.
99:Where do ogres do their shopping? A the Dire Mall, of course.
100:While preparing the fire lord's morning coffee, the majordomo asks his master, \"How much sugar do you wish?\" To which Ragnaros responds, "TWO SPOONS, EXECUTUS. TWO SPOONS."
101:What could you call Chromie's hips? A waist of time.
102:What's the most popular dessert in Dalaran? The Kirin Torte.
103:What do you call a blood elf that eats his vegetables? Kale'Thas.
104:What's Bolvar doing lately? Just chillin'.